Add changelog for release v0.2.0-rc1 (#119)
kubernetes-sigs/ingress2gateway: CHANGELOG.md

## Table of Contents

- [v0.2.0-rc1](#v020-rc1)
- [v0.1.0](#v010)
- [v0.1.0-rc1](#v010-rc1)

## v0.2.0-rc1

### Notable changes since v0.1.0

> Introduction of Istio.

Reviewer: Providers are now fetch resources and store them in their local storage. 
This is also true for ingress fetching. It is no longer happening on i2gw package and moved to be fetched at the provider level.

We onboarded two more providers; Istio and APISIX

## Table of Contents

- [v0.2.0-rc1](#v020-rc1)
- [v0.1.0](#v010)
- [v0.1.0-rc1](#v010-rc1)

## v0.2.0-rc1

### Notable changes since v0.1.0

> Providers now fetch resources and store them in their local storage.
> This is also true for ingress fetching. It is no longer happening on i2gw package and moved to be fetched at the provider level.
> 
> We onboarded two more providers; Istio and APISIX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### Providers storage
Providers now fetch resources and store them in their local storage.
This expands to ingress fetching. It is no longer happening on i2gw package and moved to be fetched at the provider level.

#### New Providers
Istio and APISIX support has been added. 
To check what features are currently supported please visit [Istio](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/ingress2gateway/blob/v0.2.0-rc1/pkg/i2gw/providers/istio/README.md) and [APIXIS](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/ingress2gateway/blob/v0.2.0-rc1/pkg/i2gw/providers/apisix/README.md).
```
